TASK: fix errors in CONTRIBUTING.md (#5720)
neos/neos-development-collection: CONTRIBUTING.md

```shell
 cd Packages/Neos
 
 # run all tests:
 composer test:behavioral
 
 # to run all tests of Neos.ContentRepository.BehavioralTests:

>  cd Neos.ContentRepository.BehavioralTests/Tests/Behavior

Reviewer: ```suggestion
composer test:behat-cli -- -c Neos.ContentRepository.BehavioralTests/Tests/Behavior/behat.yml.dist
```

 ../../../../../bin/behat -c behat.yml.dist
 

>  # to run only a single test:
>  ../../../../../bin/behat -c behat.yml.dist Features/01-RootNodeCreation/01-CreateRootNodeAggregateWithNode_ConstraintChecks.feature:72

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 # to run only a single test (optionally with line number to specify the scenario):
composer test:behat-cli -- -c Neos.ContentRepository.BehavioralTests/Tests/Behavior/behat.yml.dist Neos.ContentRepository.BehavioralTests/Tests/Behavior/Features/01-RootNodeCreation/01-CreateRootNodeAggregateWithNode_ConstraintChecks.feature:72
```

>  cd ../../../
>  
>  
>  # to run all tests of Neos.Neos:
>  cd Neos.Neos/Tests/Behavior
>  ../../../../../bin/behat -c behat.yml.dist
>  cd ../../../

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# to run all tests of Neos.Neos:
composer run test:behat-cli -- -c Neos.Neos/Tests/Behavior/behat.yml.dist
```
